Add instructions on how to start/download WebPI (#91774)
Azure/azure-content: articles/service-fabric/service-fabric-get-started.md

Web Platform Installer (WebPI) is the recommended way to install the SDK and tools. If you receive runtime errors using WebPI, you can also find direct links to the installers in the release notes for a specific Service Fabric release. The release notes can be found in the various release announcements on the [Service Fabric team blog](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-service-fabric/bg-p/Service-Fabric).

> WebPI may already be installed on your computer - search for it using the Windows key. In case it's not present, you can [download it here](https://www.microsoft.com/web/downloads/platform.aspx). **NB** The page mentions that the tool will be retired fairly soon (July 1st 2022), so you may need to look for alternative ways to install this after that date. Stay tuned!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebPI may already be installed on your computer. Search for it by using the Windows key. If it's not present, you can [download it here](https://www.microsoft.com/web/downloads/platform.aspx). **NB** The page mentions that the tool will be retired fairly soon (July 1, 2022), so you may need to look for alternative ways to install this after that date. Stay tuned!
```
